# How to Engage with Labs

## Learning Goals

- Describe the preferred style for engaging with labs

## Introduction

Labs are great opportunities for you to practice what you're learning and see
all the concepts in action. Here's a few guidelines on how to get the most out
of your experience with them.

### Describe the Preferred Style for Engaging with Labs

The primary goal of the labs is not passing all the tests but figuring out how
to define procedures and code them. The tests are there to make sure you're on
track, but the real value is discovering your own process of programming
solutions to given problems. When working through the labs, your priorities
should be to create code that:

- Satisfies your sense of quality
- Is able to be clearly read and understood by your colleagues
- Incidentally passes the tests

Keep in mind that you are coding to the test's weakness. Code can only be as
good as what the test author expected. Also, test authors can sometimes make
mistakes or don't think about problem cases that you might have considered. So
always be thinking critically! You might even be able to help us improve the
lab.

Another thing to remember as you work through labs is that they are preparing
you for working in your future programming job. In any professional context,
you'll be expected to pass existing tests and know how to write effective tests
yourself. The more you interact with the process of creating code in response to
test requirements, the better prepared you'll be to create code out in the
world.

## Conclusion

Approaching labs as opportunities to hone our skills in solving specific
problems and devising code solutions will provide benefits to our overal
programming ability, our capacity to be supportive team members and our chances
to produce quality code in the real world.
